the planet Krypton unstable from years
of industrial mining faces impending
destruction jor-el chief advisor to
Krypton Supreme Council recommends a
full-scale evacuation of the planets
inhabitants before any action can be
taken soldiers led by General Zod an old
friend of jor-el 'he's
launched an uprising and arrests the
councilors realizing that Krypton is
doomed jor-el steals genetic codes
sought by Zod and infuses them into the
DNA of his infant son kal-el the first
naturally born Kryptonian child in
centuries donning his old armor jor-el
sacrifices his life to allow his son to
escape on a pre-programmed spacecraft
Saud orders the Rockets destruction only
to learn that forces loyal to the
council have suppressed the rebellion in
a brief trial Zod and several of the
surviving rebels are convicted of
treason and sentenced to the Phantom
Zone seconds before Krypton explodes
following jor-el x' coordinates the ship
crash lands on earth in Smallville
Kansas a childless couple Jonathan and
Martha Kent find kal-el and raise him as
their own naming him Clark as he grows
up
Clark becomes an isolated young man as a
result of developing superhuman powers
he then learns his true origins from
Jonathan who urges him to keep his
powers hidden several years later
Jonathan dies in the tornado while
refusing to let Clark save them burdened
by guilt clark leaves to travel the
world under several aliases seeking a
new purpose Lois Lane a reporter at the
Daily Planet in Metropolis
receives an assignment to investigate
the discovery of a Kryptonian scout ship
in the Canadian Arctic disguised as a
worker Clark enters the ship and
activates the central computer using a
key left by jor-el allowing him to
communicate with an artificial
intelligence modeled after his father
the AI explains that Clark was sent to
earth to guide its people and presents
him with the Kryptonian uniform barring
his family symbol while following Clark
Lois inadvertently triggers the ship's
security system
Clark uses his power to rescue Lois
before donning the uniform and testing
his ability to fly
Lois attempts to have her supervisor
Perry White publish an article on the
incident but he refuses to do so without
proof after tracking down Clark Lois
eventually agrees to keep his secret
safe escaping the Phantom Zone Zod and
his crew traveled to earth after
intercepting a transmission from the
Scout vessel deducing that kal-el is
nearby they broadcast a global
dress demanding that he surrender or
risk war Clarke meets with the US Army
and agrees to comply with Lois joining
him as a hostage
Zod reveals that he possesses advanced
terraforming equipment salvaged from
Kryptonian outposts which he intends to
you is to transform earth into a new
Krypton his science officer jax-ur
extracts Clark's genes to create
Kryptonian colonists who will
exterminate humanity and build a society
based on Zod's ideals of genetic purity
with help from jor-el Clark and Lois
escape and warn the army just as Zod
orders an invasion given the code name
Superman Clark destroys the terraforming
platform while his human allies launch a
suicide attack killing Zod's troops
vowing to eradicate humanity himself Zod
battles with Superman and the two
eventually crash into a train station
Zod turns his own heat vision on a group
of passengers but Superman kills him now
the last surviving Kryptonian Superman
persuades the army to let him act
independently so long as he does not
turn against humanity to allow access to
dangerous situations without attracting
attention
Superman is hired as a freelance
reporter for The Daily Planet as Clark
Kent glad to be here Lois